Previously on "Grimm"...
- A number of Wesen shop owners
were attacked by Wesen last night.
And they're leaving behind a mark.
- Look familiar?
- Black Claw.
And the same people tried
to kill Nick and Monroe.
She just took out 20
Wesen who tried to kill me.
Juliette.
She's alive and you know it!
I didn't know if she was gonna survive
what they were gonna do to her.
The woman you knew
doesn't exist anymore.
What am I supposed to call you?
They call me Eve.
Why did you even agree to meet me here?
What the hell is
this. some kind of test?
I'll be in touch.
__
♪ ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Honey. if you grab the fishing gear.
I'll go rent the boat.
Hey. have fun.
Good luck with the fishing.
Yeah.
Remember to put on sunscreen.
Okay.
You gonna take pictures all afternoon?
Got to share the fun. honey.
Besides. you look cute in that life jacket.
Ooh!
I'm so excited! Bye!
I was only in the restaurant
for about five minutes.
- Juliette did this?
- No. Eve.
Who the hell is Eve?
She used to be Juliette.
Used to be?
She's definitely not the woman I knew.
This was a planned hit.
Turns out. I was her backup.
- And you didn't know this?
- No.
It was a test. I found that out later.
- A test of what?
- To see if I could survive.
Or if I'd protect her.
You survived and she's
alive. so I guess you passed.
I hope she thanked you.
She didn't stick around.
When I got out. she was gone.
We know who her target was?
The guy in the suit.
Haven't been able to ID him yet
or his bodyguards... they
weren't carrying identification.
All I know is his name was Samuel Rankin.
He was an organizer for Black Claw.
If he didn't have ID.
how do you know all this?
The guy Eve works for. he told me.
His name's Meisner.
Meisner?
- You know him?
- Yeah. I know him.
He's an independent agent
working out of Europe.
He was working with the Resistance.
Well. he's here now.
And he's running Eve and Trubel.
and he was working with Chavez.
Chavez?
So Meisner's a part of this group?
He's in charge now.
So how do we explain Rankin's death?
Well. his bodyguards
were closest to him.
so my feeling is we blame them.
If you're gonna lay
it on the bodyguards.
you better find out who they are.
So
Juliette...
I mean Eve. she's not tied to this at all?
No.
She never touched them.
Never even came close.
Looks like they
planned this pretty well.
Do we know why Rankin was here?
Not yet.
All right. make this
report as logical as possible.
At least your suspects can't
object to a murder charge.
Don't you think he should
have called us by now?
Who?
Nick.
Oh. you mean after
the Juliette... "reunion"?
Maybe it didn't go so well?
I'm sure it wasn't without drama.
Maybe we should call him.
You should see this.
What?
Postmarked Seattle. just
like the other one you got.
God. now what?
Look. I really think
we got to deal with this.
I mean. if you want me to
handle it. I'm happy to.
Let's do it together.
♪ ♪
"Dear R. I thought you might write me back
"after I told you about Carlos dying.
"Maybe you don't want to hear from me.
"But I don't know what you think about
"what we used to have together.
I'm thinking about
coming to Portland..."
My God. I don't want to deal with this!
Hang on a second.
This guy is obviously
contacting you for a reason.
Don't you think we got to figure out why?
I mean. he just said he's
thinking of coming to Portland.
What does this guy want from you?
After all this time?
I don't know.
He thinks we had a relationship.
We didn't.
Except the drug part.
This is.
you know...
This is just... so stupid.
♪ ♪
Honey. I got one!
Oh.
That's definitely going on Facebook.
Oh. please. Elizabeth.
No.
Just kidding.
It's going on Instagram.
Allan? What's that?
- What?
- That.
Something's moving underwater.
It's probably just a catfish.
Pretty big for a catfish.
Oh. my God.
It's swimming around us.
What the hell is it?
Uh...
♪ ♪
Oh. my God. shoot a picture of that.
Uh...
Oh. my God!
♪ ♪
Did you see what it was?
No.
I think it's time to go back to shore.
Yeah.
Allan?
It's coming back!
♪ ♪
Allan? Allan! Oh. my God!
It's coming out of the water!
♪ ♪
Whoa! Whoa! Ah!
Allan?
Honey. it's right behind you!
Help me!
Allan!
Oh.
my... Allan.
Allan!
Allan. Allan. Allan!
Allan! Allan!
Allan!
♪ ♪
Sync & corrections by wilson0804
Resync by<font color="#FFA5
Allan!
Allan! Oh. my God!
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Help! Allan!
Help me! Allan!
What the hell did you do?
Guy started shooting at me.
so I had to take care of him.
What do you mean. "take care of him"?
I had to put him down.
- You killed somebody?
- He had a gun!
He was trying to kill me!
Allan!
What was I supposed to do?
It was sort of like self-defense.
Oh. my God. Wayne.
Where's my money?
Allan!
We'll sort this out later.
She's making a hell of a racket.
Lucky I didn't kill her too.
Get out of here.
Allan!
This wasn't supposed to happen.
That guy is an idiot!
- Calm down.
- Calm down?
What are we gonna do now?
- Shut up.
- No!
They're never gonna
connect us to anything.
She'll never be able
to identify him anyway.
He was woged the whole time.
Oh. my God!
So what do we do?
- Help me!
- Call 911.
I got nothing on any of the victims.
The fingerprints don't
match anything we got.
They located a rental car
that we matched to the victims.
but the ID used to rent the car was stolen.
So was the credit card.
What do we do next?
Always dental records.
Hey. Nick.
I've been thinking about what
happened to you last night.
Hey. Hank. Hey. Wu.
Are you pissed?
I'd be pissed.
I am pissed. They should've told you.
It would've been nice
to know who I had to kill.
That would be Samuel
Rankin's two Schakal bodyguards.
Sig Ganz...
Czech national. 32.
Not that he was using that name.
Born in Tuchomence. recruited
by Black Claw three years ago.
And Otto Gruenwaldt...
36. born in Woltersdorf. East Germany.
His father was Stasi.
Black Claw enforcer.
recruited four years ago.
You know anything about Samuel Rankin?
Yeah.
Real name Rolf Kleinager.
One of the founders of Black Claw.
I mean. we're pretty sure
he met with Alva Zajic
and Arnaud Dubois ten years ago
at the thermal baths
outside of Bad Zurzach.
It's a small Swiss town on
the edge of the Black Forest.
Kleinager was a big kill for us.
Oh. and. um. Meisner called.
That's why I'm here.
He wants to talk to you.
- When?
- Now.
♪ ♪
Obviously. we're not alone.
No.
You're not.
There was no other way.
But you proved yourself.
To who?
Eve.
♪ ♪
This is my room.
This is where they put you.
This is where they put all of us.
Who is "they"?
Branch of the Federal Government.
Don't try to find it.
It doesn't exist.
So I suppose I've
never seen any of this.
Where's Eve?
♪ ♪
I'll be here. Nick.
So Renard told me you
worked for the Resistance.
I did.
But this is much bigger than that.
How high up does this go?
I don't know.
But as you can tell.
we're not without funding.
And don't ask me where
that comes from either.
'Cause I don't know.
She's inside.
I'll give you a few minutes.
Enter.
♪ ♪
You wanted me to prove myself?
You did.
You should've told me.
We had to know how you would react.
If you let your emotions get in the way.
you'd be no good to us.
You really believe in all of this.
Not at first. I didn't
believe in anything.
What about now?
I found a reason to live.
♪ ♪
Do you feel remorse
for anything you've done?
You mean what she did.
What you did.
You still think you're
talking to Juliette.
I don't know who I'm talking to.
Yes. you do. You just won't accept it.
Maybe I can't.
If we're gonna work together.
you have to stop living in your past.
What do you mean. "work together"?
You're here for a reason.
♪ ♪
My only regret is that you didn't
have a chance to bury Juliette.
There's more for you to see.
♪ ♪
This is one of HW's command centers.
There are more?
Oh. yeah. This is a war.
It's happening all over the world.
And we're fighting it.
Take a look at this.
The hot spots are Wesen uprisings:
Brazil. Northern Ireland. Turkey. Syria.
Yemen. Pakistan. Ukraine.
- That's all Wesen related?
- All of it.
There are people
displaced all over the world
because of what they're doing.
No one understands the
real reason behind any of it.
Which is what?
A world run by Wesen.
Hitler tried once. now
Black Claw is trying again.
♪ ♪
Let me show you something.
- What is this?
- It's our graveyard.
Chavez is here.
The ones you were supposed
to meet are here too.
So you cleaned it up.
We had to.
Why bring me here?
Three days after we took Juliette.
we found where Kenneth had
dumped your mother's body.
We recovered it and what
we took from your house
and... and buried her here.
♪ ♪
Just in case you don't believe me.
We want your help.
We need it for what's coming.
♪ ♪
Is he okay?
He will be.
♪ ♪
It was swimming all around us.
We were gonna go back to shore.
What stopped you?
It hit our boat.
Dragged my husband under.
Something knocked him into the water?
You don't understand.
It attacked us.
What attacked you?
This.
This is getting so out of control.
- Calm down.
- It's your fault.
You're overreacting.
A man is dead. Wayne.
and we're responsible.
We're not responsible. Logan is!
Yeah. we hired Logan to scare people.
not to kill them.
The whole thing backfired.
You know what. we need to
close and get out of here.
Be quiet.
You guys rent the boats. right?
- Sure do.
- Great.
We need to get out on
that water right away.
Just need you to fill out these forms.
No problem.
- You guys reporters?
- Yeah.
Guess you guys have heard
of the Diamond Lake monster.
Kind of a legend around these parts.
Word is that it killed somebody.
You here to cover it?
If it bleeds. it leads.
Not that I believe in
monsters. but whatever.
Hey. how much for the cap?
- Uh. it's $12.95
- 15 bucks.
I'll take one of these shirts too.
You know. wouldn't it be
great if it was a monster
and not the usual homicidal maniac?
Hey. Rebecca. you want one of these?
Sure. why not?
I'm a believer.
I really hope we get a
chance to see this thing.
You okay?
I don't even know how to answer that.
You talk to Meisner?
- Yeah.
- So it's bad?
We're at war.
And nobody knows it.
In my office. You need to see this.
- The Diamond Lake
Monster: fact or fiction?
Early this morning.
Allan Eiger and his wife
were out fishing on Diamond Lake
when he was confronted
by that very question.
The answer cost him his life.
Some locals claim this gruesome attack
is the work of the mysterious
Diamond Lake Monster.
Could this be a local legend come to life?
The victim's wife took
this startling image
during the attack.
Are you kidding me?
No. I got a call from Sheriff Parcell.
He knows you've had luck with
some of these strange cases.
He requested your help on this.
Thinking this lake monster is Wesen?
I don't believe in monsters
unless they're people.
And this one is guilty of murder.
We'll check it out.
♪ ♪
This what we're looking for?
This is what they're all looking for.
♪ ♪
Thanks for coming.
Oof. So. this
is a cluster...
It is.
I know you guys have dealt
with some pretty odd cases
and I thought maybe you might be able
to help us figure this one out.
What do we know?
Allan and Elizabeth
Eiger were on the lake
when something attacked.
Allan had a gun in his tackle box.
he fired a few shots at it.
and it rammed their boat.
He got knocked overboard. and this thing.
whatever it was. pulled him under.
ripped the hell out of him.
Wife saw the whole thing.
And she took the photo?
Yeah. She's over there.
Do you think it was a monster?
I don't know what to think.
This lake monster's just
a local big fish story
like the Loch Ness Monster or Ogopogo.
Somebody shot a blurry
photo back in the '60s.
started the whole legend.
Has this legend ever
attacked anybody before?
I checked the records.
There were a half dozen sightings
over the last 40 years.
but nobody was ever hurt.
Working theory is that
somebody dumped a pet gator
that got too big.
Fish and Game's out on the
lake looking for it with sonar.
We'll talk to the victim's wife.
Mrs. Eiger?
I'm Detective Griffin.
this is Detective Burkhardt.
We'd like to ask you a few questions
about what happened to your husband.
I'm not sure what happened.
We were out on the lake. and I saw
something swimming around us.
We didn't know what it was.
And then it came out of the water.
It was awful.
We were both scared and
Allan grabbed his gun
and shot at it.
and... and it hit the boat
and knocked Allan into the water and...
Did you see anybody else on the water
before you saw what you saw?
No.
Were there any other boats around?
No. we were out there all alone.
I can't believe he's gone.
You rented the boat from there?
Yeah.
All right. thank you for your time.
♪ ♪
I got a theory.
- What?
- She's Wesen.
Kills her husband.
dumps the body overboard.
blasts off a couple rounds.
blames it on the Diamond Lake Monster.
That doesn't explain the photo she took.
Well. somebody's Wesen.
Don't mean to intrude.
I heard what happened.
Just wanted to say that I'm sorry.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
Lake monster sure
isn't hurting business.
Bye. take care.
Hey.
I'm Detective Burkhardt.
this is Detective Griffin.
We need to talk to you.
Um. we're sort of a little busy.
Well. you rented the boat to the victim.
- We just have a few questions.
- Okay. okay. hold on.
Uh. just take over.
Okay.
What's your name?
Wayne Dunbar.
That's my brother. Oliver.
Look. we heard what
happened. and it's terrible.
And we called 911.
Did you or your brother
see anything unusual
on the lake this morning?
Nothing out of the ordinary.
Well. the Eigers took
the boat out about 7:30.
About an hour later. we heard gunshots.
then we heard her screaming.
And we ran down to the water. called 911.
Our first thought was she shot her husband.
So you don't believe
in this lake monster?
Well. we do sell a few items
that suggests that it does exist.
But have I ever seen it? No.
You have a pretty brisk business here.
A lot of gawkers showed
up after the attack.
folks looking to get a
glimpse of the monster.
It's pretty macabre. but
we appreciate the traffic.
How long have you owned the business?
Parents opened it about 50 years ago.
Me and my brother took
over about five years ago
after they passed away.
Your parents ever see the monster?
Oh. my dad swore that he did. Twice.
Yeah. he's the one that started
the whole hat and T-shirt thing.
This is a picture that
he took of it right here.
All my life. I wanted to see this thing.
Oh. sorry.
Oliver!
Excuse me. I got to help my brother.
♪ ♪
Brother's Wesen.
What?
The one who dropped the mug.
He woged when he bent over to pick it up.
Look anything like the lake monster?
No.
I think he's a Luisant-Pêcheur.
looks sort of like an Eisbiber.
- You think they're involved?
- I don't know.
I mean. they sure are benefitting from it.
Better check them out.
The turmeric should
help with your arthritis.
If it doesn't make a difference.
you can bring it back.
- I'll try it.
- Great.
That'll be $17.25. Let
me get you some change.
Okay.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
♪ ♪
Hey.
Oh. my God. Trubel!
Oh!
Oof!
- Nick told us you were back.
- Yeah.
Sorry. got to make this a group hug.
How are you?
Pretty good.
How are you guys? I missed you.
We're just glad you're okay.
So you got a motorcycle.
I did. Look.
I need to talk to you guys about something.
Oh. that kind of talk.
You guys know about Black Claw. right?
We do.
There's a lot more you need to know.
Neither of the Dunbar
brothers has a record.
Well. they're pretty deep in debt.
Have some trouble with the IRS.
Owe some taxes. a lien on the property.
Good thing that monster
showed up when he did.
But they couldn't have done it.
Whatever that is. it's
not what the brothers are.
Maybe it was a Wesen for hire.
We need to figure out what kind of Wesen
we're dealing with.
9 grand in one day.
That's got to be a record. right?
Yeah. it's a record.
I mean. we've never sold out before.
Everything's gone...
Hats. mugs. T-shirts.
Even the triple extra-large ones.
I'm bursting with joy.
- That's blood money. Wayne.
- Oh. come on.
Dad would be proud.
That we got a man killed?
It wasn't our fault.
I just don't think this is right.
Then stop thinking.
You know. Mom and Dad worked their fingers
to the bone for this place.
If it was up to you.
we'd be out on the street.
Yeah? Well. what about
if the cops find out about Logan?
How are they gonna find out about Logan?
He was woged.
The witness can't even connect him to it!
You worry too much. brother.
No. the only thing you
got to worry about...
is restocking these shelves.
Where are you going?
Laughing all the way to the bank.
♪ Through all the
books you wish to read ♪
- Bring him another.
- You got it.
And me too.
♪ Want to know ♪
What do you want?
I want you... to do it again.
Tonight.
Wait. You remember?
No. come on.
Do you want to come swim with me?
Oh. my gosh.
♪ ♪
We should ask him.
Swim to me.
No way.
Are you afraid of the lake monster?
No. I'm not.
Yeah. you are.
I dare you.
What. don't you want to be alone with me?
Then get your butt out here.
♪ ♪
There's something in the water.
Too late. I'm coming to get you.
No. no! No. no. no. no.
♪ ♪
I'm not kidding. Kevin!
What?
Are you afraid the lake
monster's gonna get you?
Oh. my God! It's right in front of you!
Come on in. The water's great.
♪ ♪
Get out of the water!
Kevin. I'm serious!
Kevin! Come on. please.
Come here! Swim! Now!
No!
Rosalee's downstairs.
We think we found what you're looking for.
We think it's a Wasser Zahne.
It's like a Skalengecky
water-loving Wesen.
Did you see
it face-to-face?
- No. but we did see a lot of T
- shirts and hats.
- I got a couple Luisant
- Pêcheur brothers
who might be working with a Wasser Zahne.
Killed a boater out on the lake.
Yeah. we saw the news.
Looks like someone's rebooting the old
Diamond Lake Monster legend.
And whoever he is.
that's probably our killer.
Nick. when you
went to see Juliette...
Eve.
Eve? What?
That's what she calls herself now.
Or it's what they call
her. I'm not really sure.
Okay.
Did you guys have a
chance to talk this time?
She didn't seem that
interested in talking.
She's not really Juliette.
Whatever they did to
her. she's somebody else.
God. this is terrible... I think.
I mean. if it was the old Juliette.
Not the Juliette that was responsible
for killing your mother
and tried to kill you.
I mean. oh. my God. this so confusing!
I'm just gonna... I'm
gonna stop talking.
And also. by the way. Trubel came by.
She wanted to tell us where she's been
and what she's been doing and she told us
about these people that she's working for.
She said they'd be contacting us.
Are you going to help them?
I don't know yet.
Yeah. we're feeling a
little tentative ourselves.
I think whatever we decide.
we all decide the same thing.
We are in this together.
Yeah.
This city deserves safe streets.
and Andrew Dixon is committed
to supporting the hardworking
police officers that keep
our neighborhoods secure.
That's why I'm here to
endorse Andrew Dixon for Mayor.
How's that?
Can I make a suggestion?
Of course.
Instead of saying. "this
city." try saying "we."
"We" deserve safe streets.
It'll be easier for the
voters to get behind you
if you make it clear you're
part of their community.
Okay.
Want to run it again from the top?
- Sure.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
I think we're gonna need to run it
more than once.
♪ ♪
This is getting out of hand.
My lakeshore's turning into a circus.
I've got nuts out on boats
threatening to shoot this thing.
According to the kids
with him. he was swimming
when the thing came right
out of the water. grabbed him.
dragged him under.
I wouldn't let them move the body
until you guys had a chance to see it.
Far as I know. there
are no freshwater sharks.
I'm hoping you guys have some ideas.
'cause I'm at a loss on this one.
Yeah. we're working on something.
Hey. Sheriff. I got
something I want to show you.
We need to squeeze the Dunbar brothers.
How?
Until we know who the Wasser Zahne is.
we can't make a connection.
And we can't take a Wesen to court.
It's the perfect scam.
We need to scare them.
Letting them know you're a Grimm?
Not me.
They need to think they're
getting away with it.
♪ ♪
- There you go.
- Keep the change.
Thank you much.
Thank you.
Come again.
Thanks.
- $24 for a T
- shirt?
15 bucks for a mug?
We need to talk.
Wayne? Wayne!
All right. I'll handle it.
Let's talk in the office.
♪ ♪
Keep going.
Okay.
♪ ♪
You shouldn't be coming around here.
I want half of everything.
Starting yesterday.
What?
You wouldn't have any of
this if it wasn't for me.
I can pay you more.
I can give you a couple hundred right now.
You don't get it.
You've been taking advantage of me.
I do all the work. you
two make all the money.
Well. sure. yeah. we
can work something out.
I'll be back at midnight
to collect the rest.
If I don't get it.
they'll be pulling your
bodies out of the lake.
♪ ♪
What's for dinner?
Not sure.
I don't think he's ready.
- Burkhardt?
- He's still too emotional.
He doesn't understand how
important you are to us...
The way you are now.
Maybe we should've changed my face.
Or do to him what you did to me.
He'll come around
once he realizes what we're up against.
♪ ♪
It's chicken.
I don't like it. I mean.
I don't trust this guy.
He's already killed two people.
And what would make him go
out and kill that poor kid?
I don't know. I mean. he's
obviously out of his mind.
But if he keeps giving us
trouble. we got to deal with it.
Okay. okay.
♪ ♪
Wayne. Wayne. Wayne. no.
No. No!
Listen. here's what we're gonna do.
When he comes back tonight.
he's gonna ask for his money.
And we're gonna give it to him.
And just let him walk out?
No. As soon as you give him the money.
I'm gonna shoot him.
- What?
- It's obvious!
He came here to rob us.
He had the gun. we struggled
over it. and he got shot.
Okay. this whole
thing is out of control.
I think we should just give him the money.
♪ ♪
Sorry. we're closed!
Open the door.
What?
It's a girl.
I'm not here to buy any of your crap.
I'm looking for the Wasser Zahne.
Wayne... -
Open the door!
Okay. okay.
We don't know what you're talking about.
Can you just go away?
Yeah. that's him.
Doesn't look much like that. does he?
Ugh!
These people will just buy anything.
Stop being stupid.
I'm not looking for any Luisant-Pêcheur.
I'm looking for the Wasser Zahne.
There's a contract on his head.
and I'm gonna collect.
Oh. my God. she's a Grimm!
What do you think
you're gonna do with this?
Nothing. I mean. nothing.
Thank God you're here.
The Wasser Zahne's name is Logan Cobb.
He set us up.
He came up with the idea of
bringing back the lake monster.
He attacked those
innocent people on his own.
If we don't sell this
stuff. he's gonna kill us.
We're just patsies selling trinkets.
He's taking all the money!
Where do I find him?
He's coming back here at
midnight to pick up his money.
But if you get rid of
him. we'll give it to you.
And you can still collect on his head.
It's a win-win. He's an old drunk.
Should be no problem for a Grimm.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Midnight. huh?
Yeah. but you got to be here earlier.
♪ ♪
I'll come back at 11:30.
Logan better show.
Huh?
♪ ♪
This is perfect.
Perfect? She's a freaking Grimm!
Yeah. just what we need.
♪ ♪
Well. you were right.
The brothers are working with
a Wasser Zahne named Logan Cobb.
He's been doing the killing.
they've been collecting the profits.
But they claim Logan's
taking all the money.
He's coming back at midnight to collect.
How do you want to do this?
Carefully.
This guy's got a violent record
and lot of assault charges.
And now he's killed two people.
What time do they expect you to be there?
Told them 11:30.
So I guess we'll have to
crash the party a little early.
How far you want me to take this?
Well. he's murdered two people.
And we can't arrest him for it.
That's all I need to know.
♪ Honey ♪
♪ I'm damaged ♪
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
♪ Your halo shines above ♪
♪ Your broken crown ♪
You bring me my money?
No. It's not midnight.
But you come to my place.
I'm not gonna walk around
with that much cash.
Then what are you doing here?
I'm here to warn you.
About what?
My brother. Oliver.
He's gonna double-cross you.
What?
He said he wanted to keep your share.
so he hired somebody to kill
you when you show up tonight.
That little bastard.
I'll kill him.
No. no. no. no.
I got a plan.
Yeah? What?
You kill Oliver.
You want me to kill your brother?
Oliver never believed
in you. not like I do.
I can't just stand by
after everything you've done
and let him get away with it.
♪ ♪
So what's this plan of yours?
Oliver doesn't expect
you until midnight.
But the person he hired comes at 11:30.
So you come at 11:00.
First. you take care of Oliver.
And then we take care
of his assassin together.
♪ ♪
So who'd Oliver hire to kill me?
Some girl.
A girl?
Yeah. yeah. He thinks
you'd never expect it.
Well. this'll be easy.
♪ ♪
What do we do with the bodies?
We dump them in the lake.
And we blame everything on
the Diamond Lake Monster.
- You mean me.
- No!
Shh. Come on. keep your voice down.
Look. This one.
Oh. yeah. that one.
♪ ♪
I see Logan.
I guess he couldn't wait till midnight.
Something else is going on here.
Could be he doesn't trust them.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
What if she's late. okay?
What if she shows up after he does?
What if she doesn't show up at all?
Who?
- Who what?
- Who you were talking about.
Oh. uh... no.
That was something else altogether.
Hey. look at all the money we got for you.
I know all about your plan.
Plan? Uh. what plan?
- To backstab me.
- What?
And take my share.
Hey. hey. hey. I don't know
what you're talking about.
The little girl you hired to kill me.
I didn't hire a little girl to kill you.
Well. that's not what your brother said.
What?
I told him the truth. Oliver.
I had to.
What truth is that. Wayne?
I couldn't let you betray him.
Betray Logan? I-I
didn't betray Lo...
I didn't
betray Lo...
No!
Okay. Logan. no.
I didn't... I
didn't do anything.
- You're gonna taste good.
- No. no. no!
Wayne. tell him! No! Wayne!
Wayne! Wayne!
Hey!
♪ ♪
You're early.
So you're the little
girl he hired to kill me?
I didn't hire her. Wayne did!
Okay? Wayne did everything!
I didn't even want to do any of this.
Whatever.
You didn't tell me she was a Grimm.
Oops.
♪ ♪
Wow!
You're really good.
Here you go.
I'll double it if you kill my brother.
Aw. come on. Wayne!
The killing's over.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. We saw it all.
She killed him.
Didn't really have a choice.
He killed two people.
We couldn't arrest him.
Yeah. I guess
you should know...
He's a Grimm just like her.
♪ ♪
It's locked!
He's just gonna go out the back door.
You should go around.
Stay with him.
♪ ♪
There's no way I'm
going in there after him.
He's got to come out sooner or later.
- I see him!
- Yeah. it's right there!
- Do I see him yet?
- It's the monster!
♪ ♪
How are we gonna explain this one?
Why was this idiot
swimming in the lake at night
with all that's going on?
No wonder he got himself shot.
Maybe he wanted to make
people think he was the monster.
Drum up a little business for the shop?
Maybe that's what he and his
brother were doing all along.
Yeah. Maybe.
But how'd this local
drunk wind up in the water
with a broken neck?
I don't know.
I'm starting to think this
Diamond Lake Monster is real.
Is he serious?
You never know.
Guess it's better
to believe in a monster
than know the truth.
Yeah. 'cause you can
always convince yourself
a monster's not real.
Reality is definitely
not what it used to be.
Sync & corrections by wilson0804
Resync by <font color="#FFA
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today